---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

## What did you do the past week?
Since the class just began, I did not do much. It was nice learning about Docker since this is something I used in my internship this past summer.

## What's in your way?
I am still feeling a bit sluggish in getting back into school mode. I also am not sure if I will be staying in this class since I am on a waitlist for a different CS class. I still want to take this class in the spring, but I just feel like I should be focusing on recruiting this semester since I am a senior.

## What will you do next week?
Next week I plan on getting project 1 out of the way if I am still enrolled in the class. This should not be too bad since I have taken OOP and the first project is identical but just in a different language.

## Expectations
Overall, my impression of the class is very similar to that of the Object Oriented Programming class I took in the Spring. I am coming into this class with a little more peace of mind as to what expect. Python definetly seems like an entirely differnt beast however than C++. The syntax king of trips me up at times but with time I am sure it will get easier. I definetly need to look at a couple of python tutorials. The concepts remain the same however such as the importance of not using asserts to test your code. This is something that I found particularly useful this summer.

## Tip of the week:
This summer I worked alot with google's open source container manager Kubernetes. It is becoming really popular as a tool for deploying multiple  microservices. 
